=====================================================================

                           The Freight Depot

                            DATABASE README

            $Id: README,v 1.4 2002/07/13 07:55:13 youngd Exp $

                            Darren Young
                         darren@younghome.com

=====================================================================


BACKUPS
-------



SCHEMA MODIFICATIONS
--------------------

    The file in this directory (tfd.schema) is the master schema for
all development and production databases. The only data that should be
contained in the master schema is information considered to be default
data. Anything else should come from the production machine after a
new schema has been installed. Examples of this type of data are
system configuration information, company data, etc.

    The schema contains a table called sysconfig that is used to house
static configuration data on a per environment basis. There are only 2
fields in this table, var and val. Var is a system configuration
variable and val is the value assigned to it. The only variables and
values we are concerned with when it comes to the schema are
schema_version and schema_installed. The version is used to identify
the current version of the schema in use. The installed variable
contains the system date/time that the schema was installed. The value
of the SYSDATE() function is used to populate this field on load.

    So, how do you make changes to the schema and what do you do with
it when you're done? If you really care, read on.

    Modifications to the schema can be done in whatever method using
whatever tools you want. I personally use vi on a UNIX machine to make
changes, others use pretty graphical tools. It doesn't really matter,
they both achieve the same results.

    When you're done with your changes and are fairly sure they work,
commit the file back to CVS. Make sure you add a change entry and that
the text that you add actually describes the changes you made. Don't
use something like 'update'.

    Now, whatever you do don't change the value of the schema_revision
field in the schema file, it'll be updated for you automagically
during the next step. The same goes for the schema_installed
information, don't touch it. That one will be updated in the database
via the sysdate() function during the actual import.



INSTALLING NEW SCHEMAS
----------------------
