# ============================================================================
#
# Debug.pm
#
# POD Documentation for the Digiship::Debug module
#
# $Id: Debug.pod,v 1.1.1.1 2002/07/13 04:30:35 youngd Exp $
#
# Contents Copyright (c) 2000-2002 Digiship Corp.
#
# Darren Young
# darren_young@yahoo.com
#
# ============================================================================

=head1 NAME

Digiship::Debug

=head1 SYNOPSIS

=for html
<pre>use Digiship::Debug;</pre>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Digiship::Debug is used in instances where a common debug interface is desired.
Rather than creating a debug method in every perl script or module, the same
results may be obtained from this module. Additionally, all the debug messages
that an application generates will all have the same look and feel.

The ideal way to enable debugging on a global scale within an application is to
set a top-level (global) variable called debug that sets the level within this
module. In a perfect world, this debug variable would come from a source outside
the script itself such as from the command line or from a configuration file.

=head1 INSTALLATION

This module is installed by default with the EDIServer application.

=head1 METHODS

=for html
<li><b>setDebugLevel()</b></li>

=for html <br><br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; DESCRIPTION  : Sets the level of messages to print
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ARGUMENTS    : String(level) [0 = off, 1 = on]
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; RETURNS      : 0 or 1
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; NOTES        : None
<br>
<br>

=for html
<li><b>getVersion()</b></li>

=for html <br><br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; DESCRIPTION  : Returns the version of the modue
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ARGUMENTS    : None
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; RETURNS      : String(version)
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; NOTES        : None
<br>
<br>

=for html
<li><b>getName()</b></li>

=for html <br><br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; DESCRIPTION  : Returns the name of the module
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ARGUMENTS    : None
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; RETURNS      : String(Name)
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; NOTES        : None
<br>
<br>

=for html
<li><b>print()</b></li>

=for html <br><br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; DESCRIPTION  : Prints a properly formatted debug message to STDERR
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ARGUMENTS    : String(message)
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; RETURNS      : 0 or 1
<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; NOTES        : None
<br>
<br>

=head1 USAGE

=for html
<pre>
# Load the module
use Digiship::Debug;
<br>
# Create a new instance of it
$Debug = Digiship::Debug->new();
<br>
# Set the debug level to 1
$Debug->setDebugLevel(1);
<br>
# Print a debug message
$Debug->print("Debug message");
<br>
# Or like this
$Debug->print("Hello from " . hostname());
<br>
</pre>

=head1 EXAMPLE OUTPUT

=for html
<pre>
Calling Debug->getName() [OK] Got: "Digiship Debugging Module" 
Calling Debug->getVersion() [OK] Got: "1.3" 
Calling Debug->print(): &lt;Sun Feb 10 03:09:00 2002&gt; &lt;Debug&gt; Debug->print() [OK] 
</pre>

=head1 VERSION

$Id: Debug.pod,v 1.1.1.1 2002/07/13 04:30:35 youngd Exp $

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Contents Copyright (c) Digiship Corp.

=head1 AUTHORS

Darren Young [darren_young@yahoo.com]

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Digiship::Error>
